Documentation Pull Request (#57)
draeger-lab/SBSCL: UserGuidelines.md

 ```java
Model model = (new SBMLReader()).readSBML(fileName).getModel();
EquationSystem interpreter = new SBMLinterpreter(model);
```

- Once the interpreter gets created, you can simulate the model with available solver (preferably [Rosenbrocksolver](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/math/odes/RosenbrockSolver.java)) giving time points (also you can provide initial time, end time, and the step size). The simulated results then gets stored in a separate data structure called MultiTable.

```java
// An example of solving with Rosenbrock solver
DESSolver solver = new RosenbrockSolver();
solver.setStepSize(stepSize); // Setting the step size for the model
MultiTable solution = solver.solve(interpreter, 
              interpreter.getInitialValues(), 0d, timeEnd, simulatorExample);
```

> - You can now print the [MultiTable](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/math/odes/MultiTable.java) or can plot it using the [PlotMultiTable](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/plot/PlotMultiTable.java) where you can see the changing values in a graphical form. Also, you can view it in a tabular form using the JTable class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One can now print the [MultiTable](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/math/odes/MultiTable.java) or can plot it using the [PlotMultiTable](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/plot/PlotMultiTable.java) where you can see the changing values in a graphical form. Also, you can view it in a tabular form using the JTable class.
```

**Note:** To set the absolute and relative tolerances for the specific simulation, you can use the method provided by the [DESolver](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/math/odes/DESSolver.java) using the below code snippets:
```java
((AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator) solver).setAbsTol(absTol);
((AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator) solver).setRelTol(relTol);
```

> For complete code on how to simulate the SBML model, please refer to the [SimulatorExample](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/examples/SimulatorExample.java) in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete code on how to simulate an SBML model, please refer to the [SimulatorExample](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/examples/SimulatorExample.java) in the repository.
```

## Simulating the SBML models with comp extension
- Simulating the comp models is quite easy as you just need to provide a file to the [CompSimulator](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/comp/CompSimulator.java), and it performs all the tasks including the initializations and processings.

```java
CompSimulator compSimulator = new CompSimulator(sbmlfile);
```

> - After creating the instance, you have to call `solve()` method of the CompSimulator class with duration and step size to get the results in the form of MultiTable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After creating the instance of the simulator, you have to call the`solve()` method of the CompSimulator class with duration and step size to get the results in the form of MultiTable.
```

```java
// Here, 10.0 refers to the total duration
//       0.1 refers to the step size 
MultiTable solution = compSimulator.solve(10.0, 0.1);
```

- After this, you can view the results either by printing or by [PlotMultiTable](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/plot/PlotMultiTable.java) (in graphical form) or by JTable (in tabular form).

> For complete code on how to simulate the comp model, please refer to the [CompExample](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/examples/CompExample.java) in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete code on how to simulate the comp model, please refer to the [CompExample](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/examples/CompExample.java) in the repository.
```

## Simulating the SBML models with fbc extension

> - Similar to the CompSimulator, here we have to provide the [SBMLDocument](https://github.com/sbmlteam/jsbml/blob/master/core/src/org/sbml/jsbml/SBMLDocument.java) by reading from the file to the [FluxBalanceAnalysis](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/fba/FluxBalanceAnalysis.java) class which then performs all the functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Similar to the CompSimulator, here we have to provide the [SBMLDocument](https://github.com/sbmlteam/jsbml/blob/master/core/src/org/sbml/jsbml/SBMLDocument.java) by reading from the file to the [FluxBalanceAnalysis](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/org/simulator/fba/FluxBalanceAnalysis.java) class which implements all the flux balance analysis functionality.
```

```java
SBMLDocument document = new SBMLReader().read(sbmlfile);
FluxBalanceAnalysis solver = new FluxBalanceAnalysis(document);
```

> - After this, you just need to call `solve()` method of FluxBalanceAnalysis that returns a boolean whether the results are processed successfully or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After this, you just need to call `solve()` method of FluxBalanceAnalysis that returns a boolean indicating of the simulation was successful.
```

```java
boolean solvedStatus = solver.solve();
```

> - Once `solve()` method returns true, you can access different results as described below in the snippet.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After solving the FBA problem the simulation results can be accessed via.  
```

orderedArgs.put("time", Double.parseDouble("50.0")); // duration of the simulation
orderedArgs.put("interval", Double.parseDouble("1.0")); // interval between two time points
```

- Once you create the basic HashMap with the arguments shown above, you need to create a [SBMLNetwork](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/fern/network/sbml/SBMLNetwork.java) (implemented from [Network](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/fern/network/Network.java) interface) instance, using the `loadNetwork()` method from [NetworkTools](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/fern/tools/NetworkTools.java) class, which derives all the needed information from the model.

```java
Network net = NetworkTools.loadNetwork(new File((String) orderedArgs.get("file")));
``` 

- After creating the network, you need to initialize the [Simulator](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/fern/simulation/Simulator.java) with the algorithm you wish to simulate by passing the SBMLNetwork instance.

```java
// Initializes simulator with the GillespieEnhanced Algorithm
Simulator sim = new GillespieEnhanced(net);
```

> All the supported algorithms for stochastic simulation are present under the [/java/fern/simulation/algorithm](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/tree/master/src/main/java/fern/simulation/algorithm) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All supported algorithms for stochastic simulation are available in the [/java/fern/simulation/algorithm](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/tree/master/src/main/java/fern/simulation/algorithm) directory.
```

> **Note:** If your SBML models contain any events, then the network has to call `registerEvents()` method passing the simulator as to keep track of event properties like trigger, delays, and others by the [SBMLEventHandlerObserver](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/fern/network/sbml/SBMLEventHandlerObserver.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If your SBML model contains any events, then the network has to call `registerEvents()` passing the simulator as to keep track of event properties like trigger, delays, and others by the [SBMLEventHandlerObserver](https://github.com/draeger-lab/SBSCL/blob/master/src/main/java/fern/network/sbml/SBMLEventHandlerObserver.java).
```
